Update issue templates (#4918)
dotnet/winforms: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

**Expected behavior:**
<!--

> Provide details on expected behavior with screenshots/GIF where ever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide details on expected behavior with screenshots and/or animated gif (use https://github.com/NickeManarin/ScreenToGif or similar).
```

 -->

**Minimal repro:**
<!--

> Provide step by step guide to repro this issue.  Incase repro steps are complex, It would be helpful if you attach a GIF with repro actions. Attaching a sample app to repro the issue would speedup the investigation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide step by step guide to repro this issue. A small sample app that reproduces the issue would significantly speedup the investigation. 
In case repro steps are complex, please attach an animated gif or a video with repro actions. 
```
